Gradle pages improvements (#3555)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/gradle/gradle-configure-project.md

</tab>
</tabs>

> > The Kotlin Gradle plugin (KGP) has the same versions as Kotlin.

Reviewer: Do you mean that KGP and Kotlin share the same version numbering?

When there is no explicit information about the `jvmTarget` value in the build script, its default value is `null`, 
and the compiler translates it to the default value `1.8`. The `targetCompatibility` equals 
a current Gradle's JDK version, which is equal to your JDK version (unless you use 
a [Java toolchain approach](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support)). Assume that this version is 

> `%jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%`. Your published library artifact will [declare the compatibility](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_gradle_module_metadata.html) 

Author: Here the change is only to version: 17 instead of 11.

When there is no explicit information about the `jvmTarget` value in the build script, its default value is `null`, 
and the compiler translates it to the default value `1.8`. The `targetCompatibility` equals 

> a current Gradle's JDK version, which is equal to your JDK version (unless you use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the current Gradle's JDK version, which is equal to your JDK version (unless you use 
```

> a [Java toolchain approach](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support)). Assume that this version is 

Reviewer: By "this" version, do you mean Gradle's JDK version? I think it would be good to be explicit here just to avoid any potential confusion 😃

> a [Java toolchain approach](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support)). Assume that this version is 
> `%jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%`. Your published library artifact will [declare the compatibility](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_gradle_module_metadata.html) 
> with JDK %jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%+: `org.gradle.jvm.version=%jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%`, which is wrong. 
> You will have to use Java %jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin% in your main project to add this library, although the bytecode's 
> version is `1.8`. [Configure a toolchain](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a [Java toolchain approach](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support)). Assuming that this version is 
`%jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%`, your published library artifact will [declare itself compatible](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/publishing_gradle_module_metadata.html) 
with JDK %jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%+: `org.gradle.jvm.version=%jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin%`, which is wrong. 
In this case, you have to use Java %jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin% in your main project to add this library, even though the bytecode's 
version is `1.8`. [Configure a toolchain](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support) 
```
I'm not sure if my suggestions match what you are saying. Let me know!

> version is `1.8`. [Configure a toolchain](gradle-configure-project.md#gradle-java-toolchains-support) 

Reviewer: Is configuring a toolchain an alternative solution to using Java %jvmLTSVersionSupportedByKotlin% in your main project?

</tab>
</tabs>

If you use Gradle 8.0.2 or higher, you also need to add a [toolchain resolver plugin](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/toolchains.html#sub:download_repositories). 

> Such a plugin manages from which repositories to download a toolchain. Add to your `settings.gradle(.kts)`, for example, 
> the following plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of plugin manages which repositories to download a toolchain from. As an example, add to your `settings.gradle(.kts)`, the following plugin:
```

<tabs group="build-script">
<tab title="Kotlin" group-key="kotlin">

```kotlin
plugins {
  id("org.gradle.toolchains.foojay-resolver-convention") version("0.4.0")
}
```

</tab>
<tab title="Groovy" group-key="groovy">

```groovy
plugins {
  id 'org.gradle.toolchains.foojay-resolver-convention' version '0.4.0'
}
```

</tab>
</tabs>

> Check a version of `foojay-resolver-convention` corresponding to your Gradle version on the [Gradle site](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/toolchains.html#sub:download_repositories).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that the version of `foojay-resolver-convention` corresponds to your Gradle version on the [Gradle site](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/toolchains.html#sub:download_repositories).
```

> To understand which toolchain Gradle uses, run your Gradle build with the [log level `--info`](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/logging.html#sec:choosing_a_log_level)
> and find a string in the output starting with `[KOTLIN] Kotlin compilation 'jdkHome' argument:`.
> The part after the colon will be the JDK version from the toolchain.
>
{type="note"}

> To set any JDK (even local) for the specific task, use the [Task DSL](#setting-jdk-version-with-the-task-dsl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set any JDK (even local) for a specific task, use the [Task DSL](#setting-jdk-version-with-the-task-dsl).
```

</tab>
</tabs>

Learn more about [Kotlin Multiplatform for different platforms](multiplatform-get-started.md) and 
[Kotlin Multiplatform for iOS and Android](multiplatform-mobile-getting-started.md).

## Targeting Android

> It's recommended to use Android Studio for creating Android applications. [Learn how to use Android Gradle plugin](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/gradle-plugin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's recommended to use Android Studio for creating Android applications. [Learn how to use the Android Gradle plugin](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/gradle-plugin).
```

### Set a dependency on a kotlinx library

> If you use a [kotlinx library](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines) and need a platform-specific dependency, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a [`kotlinx` library](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines) and need a platform-specific dependency, 
```
